automate integration tests (#117)
ce-rust/cerk: integration-tests/chaos-monkey/README.md

    1. `kubectl apply -f continuous-run-config/ -f rabbitmq/ -f mosquitto/ -f chaos-monkey/` and wait until the services are up and running (`kubernetes get po -w`)
    2. `kubectl apply -f continuous-run-config/ -f 100k-messages-config/ -f cerk-printer/ -f 100k-messages-config/ -f cerk-mqtt-amqp/`
    3. `kubectl apply -f 100k-messages-config/ -f cerk-generator-mqtt/`
    4. observe the logs

> 2. Start the test that routs 100'000 messages un-reliable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Start the test that routes 100'000 messages unreliably
```

    1. Delete the generator, printer, and reliable router `kubectl delete deployments.apps cerk-generator-deployment cerk-printer-deployment` and wait until the pods were deleted (`kubectl get pod -w`), too
    2. check that all queues are empty
    3. `kubectl apply -f 100k-no-guarantee/ -f 100k-messages-config/ -f cerk-mqtt-amqp/`
    4. `kubectl apply -f continuous-run-config/ -f 100k-messages-config/ -f cerk-printer/ -f cerk-generator-mqtt/`
    5. observe the logs: this time they probably do not end with `missing events: 0`
2. clean the cluster `kubectl delete all --all`

## Automated tests

All listed tests and more are automated.

> They could be executed with `cd zz-automation; ./run-all-in-loop.sh`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They can be executed with `cd zz-automation; ./run-all-in-loop.sh`
```
